Executive Function Assistant Ideas

This is mainly a brain dump of ideas for my Executive Function Assistant app. I hope it will come in handy if I have too many tasks on my Executive Function Assistant list anyway and also if I have an idea for an update that I don't need to follow through with just yet because I have some other things that should be higher on the priority list, like the one that led me to start this file in the first place, which is as follows:

I would like to remove the word "Full" from the header "Full Task List." This is a carryover from when the list had the option to expand or collapse with the click of a mouse. Now, the list will scroll so the user can keep up with the list items without losing their place in the list such as where they want to place a task they are going to reorder. I don't think I will need Gemini's help for this one because all I'll need to do is delete the word "Full" from the code where it says "Full Task List," and that should take care of things. Still, it's going on the to-do list whenever it is appropriate for me to take a break to start making coding updates again. For now, I'm going to finish my coffee and continue with other tasks while I listen to my piano tech videos while I still have access to the online content, which either expires after today or expires in a few more years, which is a task that I'm going to be completing from the list (to email the person we get to ask about an extension if we need it to see if it's one year or 4/5 years).

Ask Gemini if the task list can be made to appear wider on a desktop (say, twice as wide) but remain just as compatible with Streamlit as the last known current iteration of it.

Ask Gemini if there's a compatible-with-Streamlit way to be able to use the list on other devices while retaining the privacy of the individual user. For example, could it be emailed to the user, or could it be given a specific key/PIN/ etc. that the user could input in order to transfer all the data as far as list content goes to a new session elsewhere? For example, could I email it to myself so that when I'm on my phone or tablet, I can easily populate this browser's list into the new browser to pick up where I left off on my desktop? Maybe there could be a little button that says something like Import List and one that says Export List. If you click Import List, it opens a little form for you to enter your Session Bookmark, a number either you create or that the program generates so it is better randomized that you can use to pull the session up on another computer. Maybe I need to set up a username and password function if that will retain compatibility. If it would make it easier privacy-wise, maybe there's a way that you could click the Export List button and the list would request your email and would then email your list to whatever email you entered. Then if you click Import List in a different browser, it will request...actually, scratch that.

Let's say Import List is a button to the right of the Start Working button. If you click it, a little text entry form will appear along with a message to paste the list from the email you received here. The email will have formatted the list in a way that will let it populate the current list so that it looks just like the list in the prior session. If there are no items on the list yet, the list will populate entirely as-is from the previous list. If there are items already on the new list when you decide to import your prior list from a different session you had elsewhere, then the program will populate the list starting with the next available number. If you have tried to import a list that exceeds the total limit set by the program, it will let you because it looks like that will not be too much information to get the program to try to save since you said before that you could write a whole novel in there if you wanted to. However, this is the only way that the program is going to let you exceed the number of tasks on the list from whatever the limit is set in the current iteration of the program. If you try to add tasks the regular way, it will not let you add over the stated limit. It will tell you this is the reason if necessary if you think that will help. Basically, each browser session is limited to 100 tasks or whatever the limit is set as. If you REALLY have to add more tasks than the limit, you're going to have to take the trouble to use the import/email feature or whatever the feature is because you need to curb your brain dump just a little bit so you can get started on tasks.

Or here's another idea: The program will import tasks from a prior session via the email or whatever we set up function, but it will save the remaining items in the list in the CURRENT session memory and will insert them in the list as you deplete them beneath the set limit.


 Export List is a button that lives next to the Start Working button.  If you click it, a little text entry form will appear along with a message to enter your email address to be sent an email containing the subject line "Here is the Executive Function Assistant list you requested on (the date and time you requested it)." The body of the email will be a request to copy and paste the following text into your current browser session" or something like that. 

Or...
where the Limit count shows on the page, have a Set Limit field where you may type in a limit of up to three digits and no more. The system will let you manually enter up to 999 total items whether they come from imports or from your manual entry. If you do not set a limit, the default will automatically remain the same, which is currently set to 100 total tasks. If you try to manually add more tasks than the limit you have set, that sidebar will tell you so just like it does for other things like not having a main task when you try to enter a prerequisite task in the second form field. It will not let you add additional tasks without increasing the limit. Every time you try to enter a task above the 999 max limit or the limit you set yourself, no matter how you try to add them, the sidebar will tell you how many tasks that will cause you to exceed the limit you have set or the total limit of the program period. Then if you have not exceeded the program 999 maximum, it will ask if you want to increase the limit and suggest that you do so if you want to be allowed to add more tasks. That way, if the user wants to, they can stop themselves from adding too much when they know they need to be careful overloading themselves. If the user sets a limit manually, the limit will be (number of tasks on the list)/(number of tasks in the limit you set or the default 100 if you did not set a limit).

I flipped back and forth on asking for an edit function, but is it possible and compatible to add an Edit Task button that would result in a drop-down menu where the user can select the task they want to edit, and once they select it, it shows back up in the form, and after they change whatever they want to change with it and click Add Task or hit Enter, then one of two things would happen, whichever is more recommended for this continuing to stay on Streamlit:
1. The task gets put right back in the order it was in before you clicked the Edit button.
2. The task has already been removed from the list the moment you selected it, just like a Delete Task, and if you delete it by hitting the backspace button, then you deleted it like you started typing it and changed your mind before hitting Enter to put it in the list.  If you hit Enter or Add Task and have not changed anything, the task will be put at the bottom of the list. If you did change something, the task will still be put at the bottom of the list to make it easier on the system to insert it in the list and reorder things just like it is already used to doing when you use the Delete button.